https://codepen.io/brooks-davis/pen/eYBQEBV?editors=1100
<!--
Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML?  It is the use of HTML markup to reinforce the semantics or meaning.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? It defines addiontal characteristics or properties it is always in the start tag.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? It is the opening line or main heading and you only use it once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes. Id and class.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?  It contains the <Title> links, to CSS if you choose.
    7. What is an id? It is a specific unique Id for an HTML element.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? It can be related to any singular or multiple elements that are specific.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? Multiple times. It sepecifies classnames for an element.
    10. What is a class? ? It sepecifies classnames for an element.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? It can be used on any HTML unit.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? There reall is no limit. 
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? Just add a target="_" attribute to your links.
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? An alternative text for an image.
    15. How do I reference an id? Using a id attribute of an HTML element to a select element.
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? The section defines sections in a document the div defines a divison in a section.
    17. What is CSS used for? Styling.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page You use id to select every h2 element.
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one. The difference between the two is that an ID can be used to identify one element where a class can be used to identify more than one. 
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? You have to write a (.)
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? You use a selector.
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? It selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element. Its usueful to make a relation between two elements.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? You use a link selector.
    24. What is a pseudo selector? It is used to define a special state of an element. 
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? You use the line height CSS property.
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? You use object.style.letterspacing = blank
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? the CSS text-transform property
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?<div style="border: dotted 1px black" id="mydiv">content</div>
    29. How do I select everything on the page? the * selector selects all elements.
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? You use a /*
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? You use "ls"
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? dir command to view files and folders.
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rm -rf .git/ You have to be careful so there arent any errors.
    34. Why should I use version control? It helps teams solve these problems and tracks every indivudals change and what they contribute.
    35. How often should I commit to github? Every 30-60 minutes.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? You use the git push command which is made on a local branch in your computer.
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 


    Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element? A block level HTML element will create a new line after a closing tag where as an inline element will not. 
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely?  It sits on it's onw layer seperate from everything else.
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? The CSS box model
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? It refers to how HTML elements are modeled in broswer engines and how HTML elements are dervived from CSS. It respects the width due to the margin set for all four sides. 